
1) Reduce length of abstract.

For example, you can remove that the upgrade in the control and monitor system is
required by the wide bandwidth since  it is required
irespective of any change in the bandwidth etc.  The CnM upgrade is
required to speed up antenna communication by exploiting the power of 
the upgraded ethernet over
the OF.  This alongwith the upgraded servo PC104 would result in reduced 
overhead times for several antenna control operationns.   The wideband
RF can be handled by the existing ONLINE as it is being done now and does
not require an associated change in CnM.

Abstract can deal with what you are discussing in this report - all
the general parts can become part of the background.

2) Figure 1: architectural block diagram:
   (a) remove supervisory MCM since its not separate - its just a role played by one of the MCMs.
   (b) as things have developed, we have a web-based engineer interface instead of desktop
       based.  So can change that.
   (c) Also include Python in the 'desktop operators interface'.

Also in the text you should refer to the figures that are included and hence you need to
number the figures.  This would be figure 1.

3) Maybe add a paragraph in the background giving the reasons why OnlineV2 was thought about?
  Actually shifting the first paragraph of abstract to second paragraph of
  background will be useful and then
  you can end by saying something like  'this report explains how this is implemented'.
   
4) In the abstract you talk about '...turn around time of 1 to 3 sec.' - I thought our tests
show its within 1 second - in fact within 0.5 second?   Please check and modify as required.

5) Structure: why....
Maybe modify that the ANTCOM is not required since the Rabbit MCM and ethernet have ensured
that the load is shared by the central OnlineV2 computer and the Rabbit MCM.  For
example, the
tracking commands which were issued by the ANTCOM will now be send from the central computer
whereas the supervisory role will be played by the MCM.
Maybe it will useful to note down how the split of tasks has happened between Rabbit MCM
and the central computer for each of ANTCOM tasks.

6) Implementation:  how many threads do you open in the current system?  do you envisage
any more being required ?  

7) Section headings need to be formatted differently else even the subsections appear like sections.
I had to keep referring to the index to figure out when I was at a new section.

8) OnlineV2-MCM-servo communication protocol:
  Outline all the changes between this and the 15m protocol.  The trimming is one important
change - what other changes were there, if any?  Also note that trimming was done to reduce
the communication times between 30 antennas and control computer. 

9) Comparision between present online....
This is good.  Explain what MCM 10 is.

10) Testing of OnlineV2 core softwre:
lab testing:  Refer to the figures in the text - so refer to the figures on round trip times
when you discuss it in the section.   

In 'plots of round trip time' - what do you mean  by 'small unmanageable switch'?

what is the diference between fig 3 and fig 5 ?

11) Antenna testing:

What do you mean by 'The RF power was going down by 2 dB for entire range of attenuation values'.
Please explain.

  In Sentinel system testing:  you have described the lab test which should be shifted to
previous section and descrbie the antenna shell testing here.

12) OnlineV2 - 16 antenna test:

describe the setup for testing in a few sentences before going into details.
Also how each antenna was included in the testing and OnlneV2 recognised it.

13) summary:

Suggested edit in point 3:
  Different modules of OnlineV2 are under testing in the telemetry lab for an year or so
as soon as development work is concluded.  The system has been running without an glitches.

Also add - OnlineV2 has been interfaced with GWB, GAB, OF, sentinel etc....

14) References:

'OnlineV2- An upgraded Control and Monitor Software for GMRT'  by (give authors),
to appear in the Proceedings of the MWSky conference held at NCRA from 3-5 December 2013  (confirm
the dates).  Currently you can give a link to my homepage where I have kept a copy till
the proceedings come up.

'TELESET-ABCOM' - the reports by Laurent Pommier- you need to give the exact
technical report references and link.

Please include references for multi-threading, locations from where you got information
on other CnM systems etc.

15) Appendix - give a few statements at the beginning detailing what you are presenting
in the appendix.   Communication protocols/ command structures/response structures?

suggestion - you can remove the FPS test details and refer to Charu's report.
It will reduce a few pages from the report size - its a bit too long.  

Try to reduce thelength by some other way - maybe some of the appendix can be shortened
when repetition is too much?   



